Update changelog for #7666. (#7672)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for non-default Firestore databases in `firebase init`. (#7655)
- Update supported range for Angular framework. (#7418)
- Fix (Angular 17+) temporary change the PORT in Angular server.ts. (#6651)

> - Improved Firebase Data Connect's handling of Spark projects in `firebase init`. (#7666)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved handling of Spark projects in `firebase init dataconnect`. (#7666)
```
